Lastly, we have AFrame,
which is another library that
is written on top of Three.js,
which gives you a more declarative
way of defining your 3D scenes.
And here is our scene,
that we can take a look.
So basically what it does is
creates these web components and
gives you an opportunity to define
everything through their properties.
So this is a really cool way
of creating an application and
prototyping things really fast.
But at the same time, I feel like it's
hiding what working in a canvas is, and
I find it a little confusing
because I have a totally
different model of what HTML
is versus what's canvases.
And seeing things that are on canvas
as HTML is a little confusing to me.
But it is a awesome library.
And if you don't want to codes a lot of
things, don't wanna write all of those
functions, this is a easy and
fast way of creating the same scene.
So, as you can see here we do
have a scene object that is
the container of our scene,
and everything in our scene.
And we have a box, sphere, cylinder, and
all of the properties that we would
normally define in a JavaScript,
you can define it here with the position,
rotation, color, animation.
One cool thing about this is
you can start with a frame,
but when you have hit a block
where you are not able to do
what you want to do,
you can still use some Three.js.
The other really cool part of this is
that they have VR sets from the get go.
So you don't have to worry
about adding any VR checks or
buttons, it's already there.